# v2.5.1 (2018-03-15)

- Downgrade `gdal` dependency specification to >=2.0.0,<3.0.0 to fix dependency
  resolution conflict introduced by newer gdal conda build.  Upgrade `matplotlib`
  dependency to >=2.2.0,<3.0.0 (reason for pinning to 1.5.3 OBE, and this helps
  fix the dependency conflict).

# v2.5.0

- The API functions now return a dictionary with metadata about the created
  image. This dictionary includes `arguments`, the arguments passed to the API
  function, and `filepath`, the location of the created image.
- The metadata dictionary returned by the API function `ice_image` additionally
  includes the key `is_no_data_image`, a boolean describing whether the returned
  image is the "NO DATA" image or not.

# v2.4.0 (2017-12-18)

- Add new options to `sii_image_geotiff` to allow `--anomaly` geotiff image to be generated images.
- Add anomaly geotiffs to `sii_image_latest`


# v2.3.0 (2017-11-21)

- Add new CLI, `sii_image_seasonal`, which can be used with `--trend` to create
  seasonal trend images. (Currently no other image types are supported, and
  `--trend` must be given)

# v2.2.0 (2017-11-16)

- colors in yaml configuration can be described with rgb/rgba tuples instead of
  just hex strings
- the ImageMagick command `convert` can be run a number of times to modify the
  image after matplotlib saves it to disk with arguments specified in the config
  by the key `image.imagemagick_convert_args`; the arguments strings can access
  the name of the saved file from matplotlib with `{filename}`
- add configuration option `image.show_gridlines`, defaulting to True, which
  determines whether or not latitude and longitude gridlines should be rendered

# v1.5.2 (2017-08-10)

- Update `rasterio` dependency. `rasterio 1.0a3` was removed (along with all
  other 1.x versions) from the conda-forge main channel. `1.0a9` has been added
  to the conda-forge dev channel, and future `1.0a` releases will be published
  there as well.
- Add `gdal` dependency. `rasterio 1.0a3` depended on `gdal`, while `1.0a9` uses
  `libgdal`. `seaiceimages` imports some modules only provided by `gdal`.

# v2.1.0 (2017-08-03)

- Add `__version__` property (PEP 396)
- Add `--version` flag to CLIs
- Update `musher` dependency to v0.6.1
- Update `rasterio` dependency. `rasterio 1.0a3` was removed (along with all
  other 1.x versions) from the conda-forge main channel. `1.0a9` has been added
  to the conda-forge dev channel, and future `1.0a` releases will be published
  there as well.
- Add `gdal` dependency. `rasterio 1.0a3` depended on `gdal`, while `1.0a9` uses
  `libgdal`. `seaiceimages` imports some modules only provided by `gdal`.

# v2.0.0 (2017-06-27)

- Upgrade `nasateam` dependency to >=2.0.0,<3.0.0
- Files created by `seaiceimages` are named with `v3` for Sea Ice Index v3.

# v1.5.1 (2017-06-06)

- Downgrade dependency click; it was upgraded unnecessarily for v1.5.0

# v1.5.0

- In an image configuration file, allow any configured `image_label` (not just
  `title`) to use `{date}` in its text, which is interpolated according to the
  associated `dateformat`.
- Add CLI parameter `-v key=value` to `sii_image`. Multiple key/value pairs may
  be given; these define additional strings that can be interpolated in a label
  defined in a configuration file.
- Make the `alpha` of the background configurable in the yaml, instead of simply
  setting it to 0 for blue marble images.
- Make the method used for the interpolation of the ice grid configurable,
  defaulting to 'nearest'.
- Add ability to define "image overlays" to add external image files to the
  image generated by `sii_image`. `image_overlays` is a list in the yaml, and
  each item in the list must have a `position` and `path` (absolute path, or
  relative to the config file), as well as a unique `id`.
- Add ability to define "rectangle overlays" to add solid color rectangles to
  the generated image. `rectangle_overlays` is a list in the yaml, and each item
  in the list must have `xy`, `width`, and `height`, as well as a unique
  `id`. Other keys given are passed as kwargs to `matplotlib.patches.Rectangle`.
- Add ability to define "polyline_overlays" to add lines from shapefiles to the
  image. Each polyline overlay must include these fields: `id`, `path`, `width`,
  `color`, and `ccrs`, which is a string defining
  which
  [Cartopy projection class](http://scitools.org.uk/cartopy/docs/v0.15/crs/projections.html) to
  use.
- Make the gamma used in blue marble images configurable.

# v1.4.2 (2017-05-09)

- Fix casting of concentration data to 16 bit integers in geotiff creation.
  Prior to this version concentration geotiffs had less precision than the
  source data.

# v1.4.1 (2017-05-08)

- Fix median extent line legend in extent images. The configuration change in
  v1.4.0 for blue marble images mistakenly applied to concentration and extent
  blue marble images.

# v1.4.0 (2017-05-04)

- Add median extent lines to concentration images.

# v1.3.0 (2017-04-19)

- Add sii_image_geotiff cli for generating extent and concentration geotiffs
- Update slack CI notifier config for official NSIDC slack
- sii_image_latest includes a flag for creating geotiffs.
- Update `musher` dependency to v0.6.0

# v1.2.1 (2017-03-21)

- Pin matplotlib dependency version to avoid getting the 2.0.0 release
  candidate.

# v1.2.0 (2017-01-09)

- Update file version to v2.1

# v1.1.1 (2017-01-03)

- Update documentation

# v1.1.0 (2016-12-21)

- Explicitly constrain scipy dependency version.
- Add `--overwrite` flag to CLIs `sii_image`, `sii_image_sos`, and
  `sii_image_google_earth`; running the command with `--no-overwrite` allows
  `seaiceimages` to skip generating an image if the matching output file already
  exists
- Fix missing northern hemisphere labels from trend and concentration images.

# v1.0.1 (2016-12-20)

- Explicitly constrain matplotlib dependency version.

# v1.0.0 (2016-12-19)

- Initial release

# v0.3.1 (2016-12-19)

- Remove the use of cartopy for making google and sos images in favor of
  using scipy's imsave. This prevents an unexpected pixel offset observed
  when using cartopy
- Change default for number of days to average for an sos image from 7 to 10
- Fix handling of date ranges with no data for Science on a Sphere images.

# v0.3.0 (2016-12-15)

- Reprojected blue marble images are cached to the pickle_path defined in
  config or nasateam.BLUE_MARBLE_PICKLE_PATH if pickle_path is undefined.
- Generates blue-marble concentration images.
- Fix path used to get shapefiles used to draw median extent lines on images.
- Log how many images will be created before image creation starts.
- Correct the file names for trend images.
- Generates Google Earth extent images with CLI executable
  `sii_image_google_earth`.
- Fix "NO DATA" blue-marble images.
- Ice grids are pre-projected to speed up rendering of data.
- Relocate /share/apps/seaice/timeseries to /share/apps/seaice/datastore
- Generates Science on a Sphere extent images.

# v0.2.0 (2016-11-21)

- Fix extent image filenames to include `extn` rather than `ext`.
- Files are generated with a directory structure matching the archive; this
  structure can be suppressed with the `--flatten` CLI option.
- Include SII version string in created images.
- Add `--hires` option to create higher resolution images with "hires" included
  in the filename.
- Fix a bug preventing the creation of images that use a polyline shapefile when
  the geometry in that shapefile is interpreted by rasterio as a `LineString`
  rather than a `MultiLineString`.
- Generates blue-marble extent images.
- Relocate /share/apps/g02135-sii-asina to /share/apps/seaice
- Relocate /share/logs/g02135-sii-asina to /share/logs/seaice

# v0.1.0 (2016-11-04)

- Generates "NO DATA" image when data is bad or not found from seaicedata.
- Generate monthly sea ice concentration images.
- Generates daily sea ice concentration images.
- Generates monthly concentration anomaly images.
- Generates monthly concentration trend images.
